---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "typesense_cluster Data Source - typesense"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# typesense_cluster (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    typesense = {
      source = "bananalab/terraform/typesense"
    }
  }
}

data "typesense_cluster" "example" {
  id = "<cluster-id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Autogenerated ID assigned by the Typesense engine.

### Read-Only

- `auto_upgrade_capacity` (Boolean) When set to true, your cluster is automatically upgraded when best-practice RAM/CPU thresholds are exceeded in a 12-hour rolling window.
- `high_availability` (String) When set to yes, cluster is HA and your data is automatically replicated between all nodes.
- `high_performance_disk` (String) If the hard disk is co-located on the same physical server that runs the node.
- `hostnames` (Attributes) Hostnames for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hostnames))
- `load_balancing` (String)
- `memory` (String) How much RAM this cluster has.
- `name` (String) A string to identify the cluster for your reference in the Typesense Cloud Web console.
- `region` (String) Region where the nodes are geographically placed.
- `search_delivery_network` (String) When not off, nodes are provisioned in different regions and the node that's closest to it's originating location serves the traffic.
- `status` (String) Current status of your cluster.
- `typesense_server_version` (String) Cluster Typesense server version at creation time.
- `vcpu` (String) How many CPU cores this cluster has.

<a id="nestedatt--hostnames"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hostnames`

Read-Only:

- `load_balanced` (String) Load balancer hostname if load balancing is enabled.
- `nodes` (List of String) List of nodes in the cluster.


